Hi guys, my name is Navjot Kaur Gill, and I am studying at the University of the Fraser Valley;
and I am studying Criminal Justice Diploma. So let me show you Building B!
My name Tejsvi Soni,  and I am an international student here at UFV. So this is the home to many of UFV Student
Services. This is where you can ask questions about admissions, registration and financial aid.
During Covid-19, all these services are available online, and I still get lots of support from UFV
staff & Faculty. Here is home to Global Student Lounge. This is one of my favourite places to
study, hangout with friends or just take a break. Student clubs and intercultural peer support
programs, like Friends without Borders, also meet here. Right now, peer support services are meeting
online, but that doesn't stop us from building meaningful friendships with other students
from around the world – just from the comfort of our living rooms. I've enjoyed the diverse
and supportive culture here at UFV,
and I know you will too.